Add channel obfuscation related documentation (#585)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/channel.mdx

  List Guild Channels
</RouteHeader>

<Alert type="info">

> For user accounts, the channel list will only include channels the user has the `VIEW_CHANNEL` permission for.

Reviewer: this is an experiment check, not a user type check, it's reliant on recent super props
```suggestion
In the future, the channel list will only include channels the user has the `VIEW_CHANNEL` permission for.
```

Author: I've tested it calling `GET /guilds/{id}/channels` on bot versus user account is different. User account only returns channels you can view, Bot account returns all channels like it used to for user accounts.

Reviewer: remove x-super-properties from your user account req, you will get all, and vice versa for your bot :p

Author: I see, I didn't know that. I thought discord properly updated it.

Author: Shouldn't the documentation document that it's related to X-Super-Properties and not simply "in the future"

Author: I still get private channels when bot sends request with X-Super-Properties.

Reviewer: we don't doc experiment rollout specifics, there's way too much shit

Reviewer: may not be fully rolled out to bots then

Author: I have reduced it and I found out the specific property in X-Super-Properties that omits private channels is `client_build_number`

Reviewer: yeah there's typically a min client build number experiment filter

Author: Specifically after Client Build Number 501684 and onward it will start to omit private channels, earlier Build Numbers wont.

Author: I still think "In the future" is wrong, since the feature of hiding private channels is still a feature present right now, not in the future. Just that it's conditional on client build. Should either re-phrase or remove the info thing

Reviewer 2: "In the future" is valid until they deprecate the capability, remove the experiment, and the feature is forced on

Author: @dolfies Sorry for taking a while, I was busy. But I have now applied the change, with some extra details.

Reviewer: please remove the build number sentence

we do not document specific experiment checks. there are hundreds of them with many of them being near-impossible to ascertain

Author: > please remove the build number sentence
> 
> we do not document specific experiment checks. there are hundreds of them with many of them being near-impossible to ascertain

Well I didn't say we need to document all of them, but why not just document what we can? It's already documented.

Author: I've removed the comment, but still seems weird.

Reviewer: it's because they change very often and we don't want to maintain them

api consumers should either
a) for client experiments, use the rollout given
b) for api experiments (such as in this case)  just accept what's given :p

Author: @dolfies Any more changes needed or good to merge?
